c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\game.exe
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\game.pdb
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\game.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\game.exe
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\game.pdb
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\sili.png
c:\users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\aa.png
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\blue.png
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\h.png
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\orange.png
C:\Users\nirvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage2.g.i.cs
C:\Users\nirvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage2.g.cs
C:\Users\nirvi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage2.xaml
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage3.g.i.cs
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage3.g.cs
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\BlankPage3.xaml
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\Refresh-2-icon.png
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Assets\star-rating-icon.png
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\game.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nirvi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\game\game\obj\Debug\game.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
